ETWM -- read me first file.  2013-11-21

ETWM
====

This is a fork of the original ctwm, a copy of which can be obtained
from (http://github.com/bbidulock/ctwm).  This fork is hosted on GitHub
at (http://github.com/bbidulock/etwm).  What it will eventually include
is as follows:

 - autoconf build system (instead of imake);
 - all of the capabilities of TWM;
 - all of the capabilities of CTWM;
 - all of the capabilities of VTWM;
 - complete ICCCM 2.0 and NetWM/EWMH support;
 - full session management support;
 - full statup notification support;
 - support for XDG desktop entry files;
 - awesome-like tiling WM support.

Release
-------

This repository is currently in development and the first release has
not yet been made, but should be soon.  The latest development version
and the eventual release versions can be obtained from the GitHub
repository at  (http://github.com/bbidulock/etwm), using a command such
as:

    $> git clone http://github.com/bbidulock/etwm.git

Please see the `NEWS' file for release notes and history of user visible
changes for the current version, and the `ChangeLog' file for a more
detailed history of implementation changes.  The `TODO' file lists
features not yet implemented and  other outstanding items.  The file
`COMPLIANCE' lists the current state of ICCCM 2.0 and NetWM/EWMH
compliance.

Please see the `INSTALL' file for installation instructions.

When working from `git(1)', please see the `README-git' file.  An
abbreviated installation procedure that works for most applications
appears below.

This package is published under the MIT license that can be found in the
file `COPYING'.

Quick Start:
------------

The quickest and easiest was to get ETWM up an running is to run the
following commands:

    $> git clone http://github.com/bbidulock/etwm.git etwm
    $> cd etwm
    $> ./autogen.sh
    $> ./configure --prefix=/usr
    $> make V=0
    $> make DESTDIR="$pkgdir" install
    $> install -Dm644 COPYING "$pkgdir/usr/share/licenses/etwm/COPYING"

This will configure, compile and install ETWM the quickest.  For those
who like to spend the extra 15 seconds reading ./configure --help, some
compile time options can be turned on and off before the build.

For general information on GNU's ./configure, see the file `INSTALL'.

Configuring ETWM:
-----------------

Configuring ETWM is very similar to configuring TWM, CTWM or VTWM.  The
`etwm(1)' manual page contains valuable information on configuration.  A
theme system based loosely on `ctwm-themes' will available with the
release of the XDE package.  Until then, the `ctwm-themes' package
should work fine with ETWM, although it will not take advantage of all
of ETWM's features.


# vim: set ft=asciidoc tw=72 nocin nosi fo+=tcqlorn:
